Improve link display (#1778)
carpentries/instructor-training: episodes/08-motivation.md

that are time-consuming to learn and have little near-term application
should be avoided in our workshops.

> ![](fig/what-to-teach.png){alt='A stylized graph with y-axis labeled "usefulness once mastered" and and x-axis labeled "mean time to master". The upper left quadrant says "teach this first" and the lower right quadrant says "don't bother".'}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![](fig/what-to-teach.png){alt='A stylized graph with y-axis labeled "usefulness once mastered" and and x-axis labeled "mean time to master". The upper left quadrant says "teach this first" and the lower right quadrant says "do not bother".'}
```
contractions are bad for readability, even if this makes a slight mismatch, it is important, I think, for the alt text to represent best practices. we should change the image to be "do not" not make the alt text employ bad practices

### Encourage a Growth Mindset

People vary in their beliefs about the nature of intelligence and skill development. In academic environments, people

> are often praised as *talented* or having *high ability*, and may develop an identity around being a certain "type of

Reviewer: again, i am not sure about the choice to swap quotes to italics, pair programming and talking stick I am very much on the fence (I might even think that those two should actually be links only, no additional formatting), and am happy to defer, but I think "talented" and "high ability" are in quotes to indicate that these are not values that we hold but are things that other people often say.  

at a minimum, I am confidence that "talented", "high ability" and "type of person" should be treated the same in this sentence so alternative to my suggestion is to swap `"` to `*` on type of person. 
```suggestion
are often praised as "talented" or having "high ability", and may develop an identity around being a certain "type of
```
